Now that you understand
the basics of t-tests,
let's continue with our analysis.
To perform a test of means,
let's grab the test of means tool and
connect it to our data stream.
Select Visit Flag for the response field
and Group as the group identifier.
Now let's run the workflow
to look at our results.
The p-value of 1.78 times 10 to
the minus 32 tells us that it
is extremely unlikely that
the two means are the same.
That's good news.
So let's calculate
the difference in means.
First, we'll drag a summarize
tool onto the canvas,
connecting it to our data stream.
And let's count the number of
visits grouped by treatment or
control group and whether or
not they clicked on a link.
Running the workflow,
we can see the results.
However, we want to see
the percent difference.
We can easily do this a number of ways,
but let's continue to use Alteryx.
We'll add a cross-tab tool,
grouping the data by the group field.
The new column headers will be
visitflag, and the values for
the new columns will be Count.
For the method of aggregation,
we'll select Sum and Percent row and
then run the workflow again.
Looking at the output, we see that
the percentage of users who clicked on
the link in the control
group was 18.59%.
In the treatment group,
it was 23.25%, a 4.66% jump.
This result suggests that
the company can drive between 4 and
5% more users to click on the link to
learn more about the loyalty program
if they change the button on
the website to a picture of the app.
It's now time to
communicate the findings.
But first,
let's use a quiz to check your knowledge